### Highlights

* 1 hour drive to Amsterdam, 5€/hour parking.
* Pretty buildings.
* Hollandaise cheese, pot, and knives.
* Red light district
* Erotica Museum
* Pizza and Heineken.
* Back to das autobahn (and Germany)
* Got to Bremen + at a sausage at Schüttinger
* Had beer with a local + explored Bremen

#### Red Light District

I was a little disappointed by the Red Light District. I thought entering it would be this totally different experience from the rest of Amsterdam, but it turns out that it's just a couple of alleys. I also thought it'd be a lot bigger and its own area.

#### Erotic Museum

Calling this place a museum is offensive to museums. And I'm not talking about the smutty content; it just doesn't have a lot going for it. A couple of paintings, some weird status, and that's pretty much it. When I go to a museum, I expect to learn!

#### Pizza and Heineken

Europe sucks at pizza. Heineken was pretty good.


#### Bremen

Google Now is great when you're traveling. Upon arriving at our hotel, I found a pub that was close by called Schüttinger. It had good reviews and seemed like a traditional German tavern, which is what we were looking for.

We got to the pub, sat down and started struggling with the menu. A local helped us figure out what was what, and he even told us about a special the pub was having on beer tonight. I asked him to join me and my dad. We all talked for a while, mostly about what we did and Germany/Canada. We ended up spending the rest of the night with Dieter who showed us around Bremen, educating us about the culture and history of the city.

Without us meeting Dieter, our stay in Bremen would have been a lot different. As it stands, it's the highlight of the trip so far.
