### Highlights

* ~16 hours in airports
* Awesome car + driving 200 km/h on "das autobahn"
* Onion chips, coffee and bounty bars.
* Everyone speaks (or attempts) to speak english.
* Couldn't get out of Cuijek for 30 minutes.
* Couldn't find a hotel for 3 hours.
* Found a nice hotel with no Wifi.

#### Just a quick note on Cuijek:

We stopped at a gas station and got directions to a hotel in Cuijek. We ended up getting stuck in Cuijek for about 30 minutes, all while trying to find lodgings. We eventually got to what we thought was our destination, but it turned out to be some kind of private party house. I guess it shouldn't have come as a surprise, it had "Lust" as part of its name (like "Wander Lust").

So after leaving The Lust Lodge (not the real name), I set the GPS to what I thought was a different hotel. Ten minutes of driving down beautifully canopied one-lane roads, we come around the back of The Lust Lodge. Frustrated, we decide to leave Cuijek. But one does not simply leave Cuijek. Riddled with construction and some kind of a community fair, most of the roads our GPS told us to take were not an option. After going through a "do not enter" sign, backtracking, braving multiple round abouts, and desperately trying not to murder any cyclist we found our way back to the highway (or whatever the netherlandic equivalent is). As we commit to the highway, on our right we see a giant lodge with a big illuminated sign: Cuijek Hotel.

[See some pictures](https://plus.google.com/108941061687296997233/posts/FYjHgM41FaS).
