
#### Day 8

* Got off ferry
* Burger King
* Checked into Hotel Bliss with dad...
* Went to IAA (big auto show)
* Had really good pizza

#### Day 7

* Went a long walk
* Saw otters
* Went shopping
* Pizza (not bad).
* Boarded ferry to Germany

#### Pictures

<div class="g-post flex-video" data-href="https://plus.google.com/108941061687296997233/posts/jPsU6ZvF5BP"></div>


<div class="g-post" data-href="https://plus.google.com/108941061687296997233/posts/jQsqeQEm5zz"></div>

#### Day 6

* Went on nature excursion.
* Saw beautiful mountains/trees/bridges.
* Dove into the ocean and dodged jelly fish.
* Captured and released star fish.
* Captured and released crab.
* Had lunch/pre-dinner at a restaurant right on the water. Food was delicious.
* Explored a shopping district; found some useful things.
* Story time with family.

#### Day 5

* Went on a ferry, saw some islands.
* Tried to find some food.
* Went into town got some food.

#### Day 4

* Arrived in Gothenburg.
* Greeted uncle and grandma.
* Explored a garden.
* Explored downtown.

#### Day 3

* Met long time family friend for the first time.
* Had some good beers. 
* Boarded a ferry.


#### Day 2

* 1 hour drive to Amsterdam, 5€/hour parking.
* Pretty buildings.
* Hollandaise cheese, pot, and knives.
* Red light district
* Erotica Museum
* Pizza and Heineken.
* Back to das autobahn (and Germany)
* Got to Bremen + at a sausage at Schüttinger
* Had beer with a local + explored Bremen

##### Red Light Disctrict

I was a little disappointed by the Red Light District. I thought entering it would be this totally different experience from the rest of Amsterdam, but it turns out that it's just a couple of alleys. I also thought it'd be a lot bigger and its own area.

##### Erotic Museum

Calling this place a museum is offensive to museums. And I'm not talking about the smutty content; it just doesn't have a lot going for it. A couple of paintings, some weird status, and that's pretty much it. When I go to a museum, I expect to learn!

##### Pizza and Heineken

Europe sucks at pizza. Heineken was pretty good.


##### Bremen

Google Now is great when you're traveling. Upon arriving at our hotel, I found a pub that was close by called Schüttinger. It had good reviews and seemed like a traditional German tavern, which is what we were looking for.

We got to the pub, sat down and started struggling with the menu. A local helped us figure out what was what, and he even told us about a special the pub was having on beer tonight. I asked him to join me and my dad. We all talked for a while, mostly about what we did and Germany/Canada. We ended up spending the rest of the night with Dieter who showed us around Bremen, educating us about the culture and history of the city.

Without us meeting Dieter, our stay in Bremen would have been a lot different. As it stands, it's the highlight of the trip so far.


##### Beer

#### Day 1

* ~16 hours in airports
* Awesome car + driving 200 km/h on "das autobahn"
* Onion chips, coffee and bounty bars.
* Everyone speaks (or attempts) to speak english.
* Couldn't get out of Cuijek for 30 minutes.
* Couldn't find a hotel for 3 hours.
* Found a nice hotel with no Wifi.

##### Just a quick note on Cuijek:

We stopped at a gas station and got directions to a hotel in Cuijek. We ended up getting stuck in Cuijek for about 30 minutes, all while trying to find lodgings. We eventually got to what we thought was our destination, but it turned out to be some kind of private party house. I guess it shouldn't have come as a surprise, it had "Lust" as part of its name (like "Wander Lust").

So after leaving The Lust Lodge (not the real name), I set the GPS to what I thought was a different hotel. Ten minutes of driving down beautifully canopied one-lane roads, we come around the back of The Lust Lodge. Frustrated, we decide to leave Cuijek. But one does not simply leave Cuijek. Riddled with construction and some kind of a community fair, most of the roads our GPS told us to take were not an option. After going through a "do not enter" sign, backtracking, braving multiple round abouts, and desperately trying not to murder any cyclist we found our way back to the highway (or whatever the Netherlander equivalent is). As we commit to the highway, on our right we see a giant lodge with a big illuminated sign: Cuijek Hotel.


